With the login effect added, let's also add an effect for signing up because that's of course the other
big thing we can do in our application and for that
in auth effects, let's add auth sign-up where we also use this actions
pipe and add the @effect decorator
and now here in pipe, of course I want to use ofType to filter for auth actions,
what?
Well we haven't created the actions for this yet.
So let's go back here into our auth actions file and let's export a constant, sign-up start which holds
a value of auth sign-up start
and also a constant for sign-up, like this, for the success case and then also for failing or do we
need that?
I would argue that we only need sign-up start actually because when we then succeed or we fail, we do
essentially the same,
we run the same error handling logic and we run the same login logic, which is why in the auth service,
we had our handle error and handle authentication functions that we used for both signing up and logging
in,
so it's the same here in the actions. Rather than double creating everything,
I just want to have a sign-up start action because that is a different kind of action, we send a request
to a different URL but login fail and login can be recycled for sign-up and therefore maybe, we
want to rename them to authenticate success and authenticate fail here
which means we need to adjust it in a couple of other files as well
but here, I also will adjust this class name here to authenticate success and give it that identifier
and
this of course should be authenticate success in pascal case and down there, for login fail,
that will be authenticate fail here and then our uppercase identifier
and down there, it's now authenticate success and authenticate fail
and we also now need a new class here,
sign-up start which implements action which is a readonly or which has a readonly type which is sign
up start and then of course here, we also have a constructor with a public payload that should in the
end hold e-mail and password so we can copy that from login start. The payload is the same, just what we
do is not the same and therefore we can also add sign-up start to our union type down there now.
So these are the restructured actions,
this of course has an impact on the rest of the application.
When we refer to login, we now mean authenticate success,
when we referred to login fail, we now mean authenticate fail, the same down there
of course and here, for auth actions login,
we now are waiting for authenticate success. In the reducer, it's the same,
we don't have login fail we have authenticate fail instead and we don't have login, we have authenticate
success instead.
And in the auth service, there we're not dispatching the login action but authenticate success and also
the same down there, though we'll work on that service a bit more later anyways and clean that up.
So with that restructured, back in the auth effects, we can now listen to the sign-up start action here
because that is the action where we now want to kick off the sign-up process.